The relationship between me and Sihan,
Let's ask someone to explain.
You have seen it, even if you talk a little bit, it should be tied up well.
Yes, this is not true.
Tell me, No. 1,
The only son who eats grains of fried grass, fried grains of grass and fried rivers, said.
Tell me, you are still a boy, too good for me.
But I won’t do it for a while,
You are not lying, my god of death,
You encountered it too much.
I dare not go in by myself.
Talk about someone with a personality like yours,
If she really married a young master like Li Cihan.
Pai is already about to choose medicine with me.
Otherwise I wouldn’t dare believe it
I want to know now
How do you get out of this damn place?
I looked around at the escape hatches
Except for that, let’s move the door.
She just wants to eat
If you eat, I will eat.
Otherwise, you will die if you look at the money.
Die on your own
Should I talk or not?
Then I can go
Don't worry, go out for a while
you must boast
I told the door
Even if I die
I want you to give her Tang Yang to me
Your husband will save you soon
What do you know
Are you still someone who has sacrificed everything to save you?
You'll be fine when you get out
Let me live a good life.
A man who can live any life for you
Let’s talk after we go out
Don’t be afraid that I’ll come a long way from now on